Half a world away from all
of the fighting and protests
in the Middle East.
Russian President
Vladimir Putin and the Chinese
President Xi Jinping
met today in Beijing,
both refusing to condemn Hamas,
clearly taking a side in this wa
Will Ripley is OUTFRONT
Russian President Vladimir
Putin
and accused war criminal in the
a guest of honor in Beijing.
Chinese President Xi Jinping
feasting with a fellow strongmen
triumphantly toasting their visi
of a new world order,
a world prioritizing
Palestinians over Western backed
pitting the Putin Sea
World against the U.S.
led free world.
Russia and China
refusing to strongly
condemn the Hamas attack.
Putin placing
blame on the US for the conflict
not Hamas gunmen
who also took Russian lives
both Beijing and Moscow
criticizing Israel's actions
condemning Tuesday's deadly
hospital blast.
The Palestinians say hundreds di
Russia, calling it an act
of dehumanization,
urging Israel to prove its innoc
China says Israel
played a part in provoking
Palestinian rage.
Decades of diplomacy
without a two state solution.
You say that
Israel has the right to establis
a state.
Palestine has the right to estab
a state as well.
China's heavily
censored social media
overflowing with pro-Palestinian
and plenty of anger
aimed at Israel and the U.S.
One user writes,
The only way to get peace in
the Middle East
is for the Jews
to move
to America and build a nation th
President Xi welcomed Palestinia
President Mahmoud Abbas in June,
part of Beijing's bid for a bigg
in Mideast diplomacy
and its desire to reshape the U.
led world order
building on the historic deal
it brokered
this year,
restoring ties
between Iran and Saudi Arabia.
China says it's sending a specia
to the Middle East
to help with a political settlem
China and Russia
now calling for a cease fire in
positioning themselves as possib
Peacemakers,
both ignoring the irony of Putin
brutal war,
spilling blood
on the battlefields of Ukraine.
Far from the front lines,
the leaders and representatives
of some 140
nations are expected here
in the Chinese capital.
Leaders of key Western allies
noticeably absent
a perfectly timed distraction
from Putin's problems at home,
parading himself
before flocks of friendly
state media outlets.
Putin's heaping
praise on China's
powerful leader and Russia's
loyal patron, Xi Jinping,
a running mate, Russia.
And he makes long term plans
for the future.
It's what differentiates
the true world leaders
from what we call temps.
Temps only show off on the world
stage
for about 5 minutes
before becoming lost to world hi
Putin and she possibly leaders f
predicting a global power shift.
The decline of democracy.
The rise of strongman rule
you could hear in
Vladimir Putin's interview
the disdain
he has for democratically
elected leaders.
And President
Biden has said
that this battle, Aaron,
between democracy
and autocracy
will be the defining
battle of this century.
All right.
Well, thank you very much.
And thanks very much to all
of you for joining us.